v1 blog post (#6240)
Couchers-org/couchers: app/web/markdown/blog/2025/07/01/releasing-couchers-v1.md

---
title: "A new chapter: Couchers is officially out of Beta!"
slug: releasing-couchers-v1
description: "We are out of Beta and in v1: we're releasing a new strategy around safe & active community instead of bashing our competitors, a fancy redesigned landing page, and a bunch of new features to make core couch surfing functionality better!"
date: 2025/07/01
author: Aapeli
---

> *Quick summary: we are out of Beta and in v1, we're releasing a new strategy around safe & active community instead of bashing our competitors, a fancy redesigned landing page, and a bunch of new features to make core couch surfing functionality better! Share the platform with your friends and let's grow the community together!*
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Quick summary: we are out of Beta and into version 1, we're releasing a new strategy around safe & active community instead of bashing our competitors, a fancy redesigned landing page, and a bunch of new features to make core couch surfing functionality better! Share the platform with your friends and let's grow the community together!*

```

> We are super excited to share that Couchers is today finally out of the Beta phase with our v1 launch. After five years of building and developing the platform and community―first through the Alpha stage and the a very long Beta stage―we are finally ready for our big launch! This means a brand new strategy, a spiffy new landing page, and a bunch of new features.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are super excited to share that Couchers is today finally out of the Beta phase with our version 1 (v1) launch. After five years of building and developing the platform and community―first through the Alpha stage and a very long Beta stage―we are finally ready for our big launch! This means a brand new strategy, a spiffy new landing page, and a bunch of new features.

```

Today we are launching **our new strategy centered around a commitment on being the safest, healthiest, and most active couch surfing community**. This is an evolution of our [original plan](https://couchers.org/plan), but adapted for the next stage of the community, where we clearly define what we stand for instead of living the shadow of another platform.

> In addition, we are **launching a brand new landing page** to communicate this strategy, and to explain what our community is all about to newbies and veteran couch surfers alike.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, we are **launching a brand new landing page** to more clearly communicate our values and what sets us apart, and to explain what our community is all about to newbies and veteran couch surfers alike.

```

Finally, we have combined a **number of exciting new features** into this release. These have been gradually rolled out over the past few months to make sure they are ready for you today (and hopefully mostly free of bugs)! Read on to find out what these are.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Couchers has been around for years. What 's the significance of the v1 launch?

During beta mode, we were still missing some core functionalities for a couch surfing platform, had some serious bugs that needed fixing, and some coding architecture and features that needed to be re-imagined in order to scale and, well, work nicely (e.g. the map).

The v1 launch signals the completion of these core functionalities. This launch means we can now focus on growing the platform and coming up with new features that set us apart and help you connect with other members better.
```

## New Features in v1

The features we decided to work on for v1 were picked to best further our goal of being a safe and active community, as well as tighten up the core functionality of the platform to make the experience super smooth and easy.

### Redesigned Landing Page

![Screenshot of the redesigned landing page](/img/blog/20250701_landing_page.png)

We are really excited about our [new landing page](https://couchers.org), which clearly communicates what Couchers is, what we stand for, and what you can find on the platform once you sign up. We hope this will help us gain more of the right kinds of members!

A huge thanks to [Nicole](https://couchers.org/user/unsettleddown) who built the majority of the landing page; [Pablo](https://couchers.org/user/pcolt86) and [Aapeli](https://couchers.org/user/aapeli) who also helped build it; [Marta](https://couchers.org/user/marta) and [Charlotte](https://couchers.org/user/karottensaft1) who designed it; [Jesse](https://couchers.org/user/jesse) and [Chris](https://couchers.org/user/chrisk) who helped test it; and countless others who helped write or brainstorm our marketing message, or provided their input in other ways!

> 
> *The new landing page features an anonymized map layer: pins are randomized to be at a random point 2-10 km (1.2-6.2 mi) away from their true location and are not tied to any user info. The map is further restricted to not zoom very far in.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion

*The new landing page features an interactive map layer with user locations made anonymous so visitors can immediately see where Couchers members are in the world. Don't worry—pins are randomized to be 2-10 km (1.2-6.2 mi) away from their true location and are not tied to any user info. The map is further restricted to not zoom very far in.*
```

### References

> We completely overhauled the reference leaving functionality with two key updates: you can now indicate whether you did not stay with or host someone (and we won't remind you to leave references), and you can now send our Safety Team private feedback (that's not shown on the public reference) about your interactions through the reference flow. You can use this functionality to let us know if something felt off, even if there's no cause for bigger concern. More information is always better and helps the Safety Team understand situations better and keep the platform safe! Thanks to [Aapeli](https://couchers.org/user/aapeli), [Nicole](https://couchers.org/user/unsettleddown), and [Jason](https://couchers.org/user/jasonwvh) for these updates. [Nicole](https://couchers.org/user/unsettleddown) also added the number of references to the references tab on profiles to draw more attention to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We completely overhauled the reference leaving functionality with two key updates: 

* you can now indicate whether you did not stay with or host someone (and we won't remind you to leave references)

* you can now send our Safety Team private feedback (that's not shown on the public reference) about your interactions through the reference flow. You can use this functionality to let us know if something felt off, even if there's no cause for bigger concern. More information is always better and helps the Safety Team understand situations better and keep the platform safe! 

Thanks to [Aapeli](https://couchers.org/user/aapeli), [Nicole](https://couchers.org/user/unsettleddown), and [Jason](https://couchers.org/user/jasonwvh) for these updates. [Nicole](https://couchers.org/user/unsettleddown) also added the number of references to the references tab on profiles to draw more attention to it.
```

### Find members faster: a new and redesigned map

![Screenshot of the new Map Search](/img/blog/20250701_map.png)

[Nicole](https://couchers.org/user/unsettleddown) spent months re-architecting and rebuilding a brand new Map Search page! The old one was creaking with age and having been modified too much, and Nicole rewrote it from scratch! [Aapeli](https://couchers.org/user/aapeli) helped build some new backend functionality to significantly speed up searching, and [Jesse](https://couchers.org/user/jesse) among many others helped test it!

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Nicole](https://couchers.org/user/unsettleddown) spent months re-architecting and rebuilding a brand new Map Search page! The old one was creaking with age and very difficult to update and add features to. Nicole rewrote it from scratch! [Aapeli](https://couchers.org/user/aapeli) helped build some new backend functionality to significantly speed up searching, and [Jesse](https://couchers.org/user/jesse) among many others helped test it!

```

We put a lot of thought into making the map as usable as possible, trying to think about what should be shown, what should be hidden, and how to best display all this data. We hope you find it useful!

### Don't miss out on news: new notification feed

> ![Screenshot of the notification tray](/img/blog/20250701_notification_tray.png)
> 
> We've been working on notifications for quite some time now. This time we are introducing a notification feed, rolling out our push notifications, as well as a bunch new notification types for things like nested replies on discussions, and pending host requests.
> 
> As always, these notifications come with granular settings allowing them to be turned of for a particular item or for a whole class of notifications. We hope this helps build a platform where people can be notified of new activity they care about, without having to waste much time otherwise searching the platform; a core value of not maximizing empty engagement.
> 
> Thanks to [Aapeli](https://couchers.org/user/aapeli), [Rafael](https://couchers.org/user/rafael_ferreira) and [Yannic](https://couchers.org/user/spreeni) for the backend implementation; [Nicole](https://couchers.org/user/unsettleddown) for some frontend work; and [Jesse](https://couchers.org/user/jesse) and others for testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Screenshot of the notification tray](/img/blog/20250701_notification_tray.png)

We've been working on notifications for quite some time now. We introduced a notification feed, rolled out push notifications for desktop and mobile, as well as a bunch new notification types for things like nested replies on discussions, and pending host requests.

Don't want so many notifications? No problem. Each notification type can be adjusted for a particular item or for a whole class of notifications. Find this under Account Settings => Notification Settings. We hope this helps members see what they care about, without having to waste time searching the platform; a core value of not maximizing empty engagement.

Thanks to [Aapeli](https://couchers.org/user/aapeli), [Rafael](https://couchers.org/user/rafael_ferreira) and [Yannic](https://couchers.org/user/spreeni) for the backend implementation; [Nicole](https://couchers.org/user/unsettleddown) for some frontend work; and [Jesse](https://couchers.org/user/jesse) and others for testing.
```

### Speaking your language: a new language selector & translations

![Screenshot of translation functionality with the platform in German](/img/blog/20250701_translated_german.png)

We implemented a language selector and are in the active process of translating the platform to languages other than English! Thanks to [Laura](https://couchers.org/user/ellebee), [Nicole](https://couchers.org/user/unsettleddown) and [Aapeli](https://couchers.org/user/aapeli) for their work on the functionality, as well as the many folks helping out on translation!

> If you'd like to see the platform be translated to your own language, please apply for our [Translator Position](https://couchers.org/volunteer/translator)!
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to see the platform be translated to your own language, please apply to volunteer for our [Translator Position](https://couchers.org/volunteer/translator)! You can contribute as much or as little as you want. Every bit helps!

```

### Safety & Moderation

> We have rolled out significant new functionality to make the platform safer. [Nicole](https://couchers.org/user/unsettleddown) and [Aapeli](https://couchers.org/user/aapeli) implemented functionality to remove friends. [Nicole](https://couchers.org/user/unsettleddown) built the frontend functionality to block (and unblock) users, while [Yannic](https://couchers.org/user/spreeni) helped fix up some lingering backend functionality for that. [Colleen](https://couchers.org/user/colleen) added report flags to event cards. Under the hood, [Aapeli](https://couchers.org/user/aapeli), [Jesse](https://couchers.org/user/jesse) and [Rafael](https://couchers.org/user/rafael_ferreira) worked on and are continuing to work on many different moderation and admin features to help combat abuse and make the platform safer for everyone!
> 
> We also updated our policies and now forbid [nudism](https://help.couchers.org/hc/couchersorg-help-center/articles/1746572895-why-is-nudism-naturism-nudity-clothing_optional-not-allowed-on-couchers-org) and [shared sleeping surfaces](https://help.couchers.org/hc/couchersorg-help-center/articles/1748816842-why-are-shared-beds-sleeping-surfaces-not-allowed) (such as a shared bed). While this means that community members will no longer be able to use the platform, this was a choice we had to make to promote safety on the platform and to set clear expectations for everyone. This choice was made by the Board. Thanks to the volunteers who spearheaded this difficult change!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have rolled out significant new functionality to make the platform safer. 

* [Nicole](https://couchers.org/user/unsettleddown) and [Aapeli](https://couchers.org/user/aapeli) implemented functionality to remove friends. 
* [Nicole](https://couchers.org/user/unsettleddown) built the frontend functionality to block (and unblock) users, while [Yannic](https://couchers.org/user/spreeni) helped fix up some lingering backend functionality for that. 
* [Colleen](https://couchers.org/user/colleen) added report flags to event cards. 
* Under the hood, [Aapeli](https://couchers.org/user/aapeli), [Jesse](https://couchers.org/user/jesse) and [Rafael](https://couchers.org/user/rafael_ferreira) continue to work on many different moderation and admin features to help combat abuse and make the platform safer for everyone!

We also updated our policies and now forbid [nudism](https://help.couchers.org/hc/couchersorg-help-center/articles/1746572895-why-is-nudism-naturism-nudity-clothing_optional-not-allowed-on-couchers-org) and [shared sleeping surfaces](https://help.couchers.org/hc/couchersorg-help-center/articles/1748816842-why-are-shared-beds-sleeping-surfaces-not-allowed) (such as a shared bed). This was a choice we had to make to promote safety on the platform and to set clear expectations for everyone, based on an especially high rate of reports for this group. This choice was made by the Board. Thanks to the volunteers who spearheaded this difficult change!
```

> ### New community pages and public roadmap
> 
> ![Screenshot of our public roadmap](/img/blog/20250701_roadmap.png)
> 
> [Colleen](https://couchers.org/user/colleen) has built a brand new [communities page](https://couchers.org/communities) which lets you peruse the communities on the platform quickly and easily.
> 
> To help communicate what we are doing and when, [Chris](https://couchers.org/user/chrisk) has spearheaded an effort to produce and maintain [a public roadmap](https://couchers.org/roadmap). This is a great resource to learn about what we're working on and what to look forward to!
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Separate community page

Our communities feature was hard to find and not very visible. [Colleen](https://couchers.org/user/colleen) has built a brand new, separate [communities page](https://couchers.org/communities) which lets you peruse the communities on the platform quickly and easily. It's also been added to the main navigation bar for visibility.

### Public roadmap

![Screenshot of our public roadmap](/img/blog/20250701_roadmap.png)

One of the biggest criticisms we get is that we're not doing much. We are! We just weren't very good about making it visible to members.

To help communicate what we are doing and when, [Chris](https://couchers.org/user/chrisk) has spearheaded an effort to produce and maintain [a public roadmap](https://couchers.org/roadmap). This is a great resource to learn about what we're working on and what to look forward to!

```

### Activeness probes

> [Aapeli](https://couchers.org/user/aapeli) with assistance from [Nicole](https://couchers.org/user/unsettleddown), built out an *activeness probe* system: if you have set your status to hosting but haven't logged in in many months, we will occasionally send you a notification to ask if you are still interested in hosting. This helps us get a better idea of whether you would respond to a prospective surfer coming into town. In the next few weeks we'll be gradually rolling out this new functionality. We hope it helps reduce the number of well-thought out requests sent by surfers to hosts that never read their notification in the first place.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Aapeli](https://couchers.org/user/aapeli) with assistance from [Nicole](https://couchers.org/user/unsettleddown), built out an *activeness probe* system: if you have set your status to hosting but haven't logged in in many months, we will occasionally send you a notification to ask if you are still interested in hosting. 

This helps us get a better idea of whether you would respond to a prospective surfer coming into town. In the next few weeks we'll be gradually rolling out this new functionality. We hope it helps reduce the number of well-thought out requests sent by surfers to hosts that never read their notification in the first place.

```

## Our new CouchOps team

> In order to execute on our new strategy and marketing plans including this huge launch, we assembled a new team that we call *CouchOps*. This new team is in charge of marketing & branding (incl. social media, the blog, landing pages), safety & support (moderation, policies, verification, etc), community building (community creation, engagement, feedback, etc), volunteer recruitment and general operations within Couchers. They did a phenomenal job brainstorming, writing, planning, coordination, and execution for this launch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to execute on our new strategy and marketing plans including this huge launch, we assembled a new team that we call *CouchOps*. This new team is in charge of marketing & branding (incl. social media, the blog, landing pages), safety & support (moderation, policies, verification, etc), community building (community creation, engagement, feedback, etc), volunteer recruitment and general operations within Couchers. They did a phenomenal job brainstorming, writing, planning, coordinating, and executing this launch.
```

That team currently consists of (in alphabetical order) [Aapeli](https://couchers.org/user/aapeli), [Bruna](https://couchers.org/user/bruna), [Charlotte](https://couchers.org/user/karottensaft1), [Chris](https://couchers.org/user/chrisk), [Colleen](https://couchers.org/user/colleen), [Jesse](https://couchers.org/user/jesse), [Marta](https://couchers.org/user/marta), [Mindy](https://couchers.org/user/mindelyn), and [Nicole](https://couchers.org/user/unsettleddown).

> ## Our Engineering team
> 
> We'd also like to say thanks to the engineering team, this year we've had the following wonderful people in our meetings planning and working on the platform: [Aapeli](https://couchers.org/user/aapeli), [Nicole](https://couchers.org/user/unsettleddown), [Chris](https://couchers.org/user/chrisk), [Jesse](https://couchers.org/user/jesse), [Colleen](https://couchers.org/user/colleen), [Laura](https://couchers.org/user/ellebee), [Pablo](https://couchers.org/user/pcolt86), [Shirley](https://couchers.org/user/shirley26), [Rafael](https://couchers.org/user/rafael_ferreira), [Yannic](https://couchers.org/user/spreeni), [Krishna](https://couchers.org/user/krishnag0902), [Caroline](https://couchers.org/user/haoud), [Gracee](https://couchers.org/user/graceegal), Kelvin, Lee, Alena, [Andrei](https://couchers.org/user/andrei_k), [Gabx](https://couchers.org/user/putmyname), Kiki, Navi, Shane, Chalen, [David](https://couchers.org/user/bakeiro), [Ivan](https://couchers.org/user/ivanmen), Jacob, James, [Justyna](https://couchers.org/user/justyna), Kirti and [Rishi](https://couchers.org/user/notatourist).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```suggestion
## Our Engineering and Product team

Our engineers, UI/UX designers and other software-focused volunteers continue to work hard on our Engineering and Product team.

This year we've had the following wonderful people in our meetings planning and working on the platform: [Aapeli](https://couchers.org/user/aapeli), [Nicole](https://couchers.org/user/unsettleddown), [Chris](https://couchers.org/user/chrisk), [Jesse](https://couchers.org/user/jesse), [Colleen](https://couchers.org/user/colleen), [Laura](https://couchers.org/user/ellebee), [Pablo](https://couchers.org/user/pcolt86), [Shirley](https://couchers.org/user/shirley26), [Rafael](https://couchers.org/user/rafael_ferreira), [Yannic](https://couchers.org/user/spreeni), [Krishna](https://couchers.org/user/krishnag0902), [Caroline](https://couchers.org/user/haoud), [Gracee](https://couchers.org/user/graceegal), Kelvin, Lee, Alena, [Andrei](https://couchers.org/user/andrei_k), [Gabx](https://couchers.org/user/putmyname), Kiki, Navi, Shane, Chalen, [David](https://couchers.org/user/bakeiro), [Ivan](https://couchers.org/user/ivanmen), Jacob, James, [Justyna](https://couchers.org/user/justyna), Kirti and [Rishi](https://couchers.org/user/notatourist).

```

## Our rehauled branding & marketing strategy

**Our new strategy is centered around a commitment to being the safest, healthiest, and most active couch surfing community.**

> From our founding, we have always been defined by our competition: being the non-profit and open-source alternative to CouchSurfing.com™ that takes our community seriuosly and is here to fix the structural problems with other platforms. This has been an incredibly effective strategy, and it has helped us seed the community with the right crowd: a lot of veteran couch surfers with the right spirit.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From our founding, we have always been defined by our competition: being the non-profit and open-source alternative to CouchSurfing.com™ that takes our community seriously and is here to fix the structural problems with other platforms. This has been an incredibly effective strategy, and it has helped us seed the community with the right crowd: a lot of veteran couch surfers with the couch surfing spirit.

```

> However, as our community continues to grow further and mature, it's time to stop living in the shadow of another platform and start defining ourselves based on what we actually stand for. This is something the volunteer team and Board have been thinking about a lot, and this has steered our priorities since the start of the year. When you look back at our [original plan](https://couchers.org/plan), it's clear that everything we identified as the issues then were different aspects of community health and safety.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As our community continues to grow and mature, it's time to stop living in the shadow of another platform and start standing in our own identity and values. This is something the volunteer team and Board have been thinking about a lot, and this has steered our priorities since the start of the year. When you look back at our [original plan](https://couchers.org/plan), it's clear that everything we identified as the issues then were different aspects of community health and safety.

```

In the coming months we are going to work on updating our messaging across the board and further building out our public landing pages to help new users learn about the platform and community.

## Coming up next

Over the next weeks the volunteer teams and Board will be working together to define our concrete priorities and roadmap for the rest of the year. We have brainstormed many ideas and have a rough path forward, but will work on refining it further. We will certainly concentrate a large part of our efforts on building a native mobile app, as well as allocating engineering resources to help our CouchOps team with their marketing and social media efforts.

We have plans to build infrastructure to better measure the impact of what we do, taking a more metric-driven approach to features. The community is still at a size where it's hard to make strong statements about the impact of individual changes, but we believe that getting better visibility into what the experience is like for users is key.

## Thanks to everyone!

> (WIP)

Reviewer: @aapeliv what kinda thing were you thinking for this section?

> (WIP)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Couchers.org is only possible due to our amazing and dedicated volunteer team. To all our volunteers who put time and energy into Couchers—we literally couldn't exist without you!

We're so appreciate of our volunteers who believe in our vision of a non-profit, open-source, safe and active couch surfing community and donate their free time to make it a reality.

To everyone tagged above, our past volunteers who got us off the ground and came up with the vision, and future volunteers to come—thank you!
```

## How to help out

> (WIP)

Reviewer: Want to hang with other motivated travelers and help our community thrive? We can always use more help!

Specifically we could really use help with:

- [Translating Couchers into other languages](https://couchers.org/volunteer/translator)
- Help from mid-level and senior software engineers (who have 5+ hours per week to spare: [frontend](https://couchers.org/volunteer/frontend-developer)/[backend](https://couchers.org/volunteer/backend-developer))
- [Mid-level and senior engineers with React Native experience](https://couchers.org/volunteer/mobile-development-lead)
- [Writing blog posts and content around Couchsurfing](https://couchers.org/volunteer/blog-writer) (we could really use help to do this more regularly)
- Creating regular content, graphics and posts on Instagram
- Coming up with a TikTok content strategy and getting us going on TikTok
- [Community Builders](https://forms.monday.com/forms/1e84199578bc028b282a88b9e325d646?r=use1)  who want to help build the Couchers community in their city

Apply via the links above or write us at [volunteers@couchers.org](mailto:volunteers@couchers.org) with how you'd like to help out!

> (WIP)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Want to hang with other motivated travelers and help our community thrive? We can always use more help!

Specifically we could really use help with:

- [Translating Couchers into other languages](https://couchers.org/volunteer/translator)
- Help from mid-level and senior software engineers (who have 5+ hours per week to spare: [frontend](https://couchers.org/volunteer/frontend-developer)/[backend](https://couchers.org/volunteer/backend-developer))
- [Mid-level and senior engineers with React Native experience](https://couchers.org/volunteer/mobile-development-lead)
- [Writing blog posts and content around Couchsurfing](https://couchers.org/volunteer/blog-writer) (we could really use help to do this more regularly)
- Creating regular content, graphics and posts on Instagram
- Coming up with a TikTok content strategy and getting us going on TikTok
- [Community Builders](https://forms.monday.com/forms/1e84199578bc028b282a88b9e325d646?r=use1)  who want to help build the Couchers community in their city

Apply via the links above or write us at [volunteers@couchers.org](mailto:volunteers@couchers.org) with how you'd like to help out!
```

> FOLLOW US ON INSTAGRAM & SOCIAL MEDIA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FOLLOW US ON INSTAGRAM & SOCIAL MEDIA

* [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/couchersorg/)
* [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/couchers/)
* [Bluesky](https://bsky.app/profile/couchers.bsky.social)
* [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/Couchers.org)
```

---
title: TODO
slug: releasing-couchers-v1
description: TODO
date: 2025/05/11
author: TODO
---

# A brand new and redesigned map

* Build new map by [Nicole](https://couchers.org/user/unsettleddown), with assistance from [Jesse](https://couchers.org/user/jesse) [[#5701](https://github.com/Couchers-org/couchers/pull/5701), [#5863](https://github.com/Couchers-org/couchers/pull/5863)]

> 

Reviewer: Community members list in here somewhere too!

And Colleen made the separate community page.

# Safety, Moderation, & Admin

* Add a report flag to event cards by [Colleen](https://couchers.org/user/colleen), with assistance from [Nicole](https://couchers.org/user/unsettleddown) [[#6095](https://github.com/Couchers-org/couchers/pull/6095)]
* Implement new admin tools by [Aapeli](https://couchers.org/user/aapeli), with assistance from [Nicole](https://couchers.org/user/unsettleddown) and [Jesse](https://couchers.org/user/jesse) [[#5899](https://github.com/Couchers-org/couchers/pull/5899), [#6139](https://github.com/Couchers-org/couchers/pull/6139)]

# References

* Reference flow, Did Stay & Private Text by [Aapeli](https://couchers.org/user/aapeli) and [Nicole](https://couchers.org/user/unsettleddown), with assistance from [Jason](https://couchers.org/user/jasonwvh) and [Jesse](https://couchers.org/user/jesse) [[#5505](https://github.com/Couchers-org/couchers/pull/5505), [#6026](https://github.com/Couchers-org/couchers/pull/6026)]

> * Add numReferences to references tab by [Nicole](https://couchers.org/user/unsettleddown), with assistance from [Aapeli](https://couchers.org/user/aapeli) [[#6055](https://github.com/Couchers-org/couchers/pull/6055)]

Reviewer: Maybe write out `number of references`

# New landing page

* New landing page by [Aapeli](https://couchers.org/user/aapeli), [Nicole](https://couchers.org/user/unsettleddown) and [Pablo](https://couchers.org/user/pcolt86), with assistance from [Jesse](https://couchers.org/user/jesse) [[#4545](https://github.com/Couchers-org/couchers/pull/4545), [#6115](https://github.com/Couchers-org/couchers/pull/6115), [#6160](https://github.com/Couchers-org/couchers/pull/6160), [#6181](https://github.com/Couchers-org/couchers/pull/6181), [#6214](https://github.com/Couchers-org/couchers/pull/6214), [#6215](https://github.com/Couchers-org/couchers/pull/6215), [#6225](https://github.com/Couchers-org/couchers/pull/6225)]

> 

Reviewer: We should shout out Marta and Charlotte here too "Design for landing page by"

Author: Yes I'm redoing these points.

Btw the order here is just based on who showed up first in the order of those PRs (I guess I authored 4545 which is related), but I'm redoing this whole section

> 

Reviewer: Pablo also did the Mission section.
